Streams were designed with the lambda expressions in mind, I'll show this table again, which describes
the operations on stream and the functional interfaces which are parameter types of these operations.
I've included the functional interface method signature, which is important because it describes the
structure of the lambda expression that can be used.
Also includes sample lambda expressions.
So from left to right, we've got a functional interface binary operator, the street method is reduce
the functional interface method.
You can see it's called apply.
It takes two parameters of type T and returns a type T and a sample and expression will be in parentheses
error token A plus B, next comparator.
These three methods Max Min and sorted.
The functional interface method is compare taking two parameters t and you sample an expression and
B in parentheses are A token, B minus.
And again, these lambda expressions are just samples that match the interface method directly defaces
consumer and by consumer.
The stream method which has parameters of these types I collect for each and peak and the functional
device method first.
If a consumer is except it's got one parameter of type T, it doesn't return anything and by consumer,
same method, except that takes two parameters to you.
And again, avoid return type in a sample and expression a parentheses error token system that out colon
colon print.
The next functional interface is function stret methods map and map.
The functional interface method is apply, takes a perimeter of type T and returns a type R and a sample
lambda expression here is s in parentheses error token to replace parentheses single quotes Ikoma single
quotes B next interfaces unary operator string method is iterate the functionality of this method as
apply takes a perimeter of type T a return to type T and a sample lambda expression there s in parentheses
error token is plus one.
Next, predicate, these three methods all match any match dropped while filter, iterate, non-match
and take while punctually interface method is called test takes one parameter of type T returns, Boolean
said and expression t parentheses error tolkan t greater than zero.
The last functional interface is supplier.
The three methods collect and generate.
The functional interface method is get with no parameters and returns type T and a sample and expression.
Parentheses, error, token string colon colon new.
I'll be reviewing each of these methods in detail in this section of the course.
The objectives for this section are as follows.
This is the LAMDA operations on stream section.
So we're going to be covering extracting stream data, using map peak and flat map methods.
We'll be looking at searching stream data, using search point to find any any match or match and non-match
methods can look at the optional class.
We're going to perform some calculations using Count Max Min average and some all of our stream operations
sort of collection using lambda expressions.
We're also going to look at using Collectors' with a stream, including the group by and partitioning
by operation.
All right.
So let's get started in the next video.